Hey, what's going on? It's Bill Burr and It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday. Monday morning podcast and
Ahhh,
okay.
Ah,
just checking in on Ya.
Just chicken and on you to see all your weeks go and
Vivian was mainly to play. Um, I'm in New York City.
If I can wake up in a city that blows me just for being there and where my
fucking sweat pants while eating tad steaks.
There's so many people not make it into New York,
but they play that fucking song and everybody thinks they're making it right.
The
fucking homeless people are taking public shits on the subway grades and a drop
down on Wall Street people.
Now that was the 90s it all gradually went away.
It all went away and now there's like bicycles and chairs in the streets.
This is all shit I might be talking about tonight.
I am in New York for my final press stop and then I am done hyping the a for the
most part I'm done. I opened the second season of f is for family.
I told you was out there take it or leave it.
You either want to watch it or you don't.
I'm going to be doing a Steven Cole bear tonight.
How ever it will not air until tomorrow.
So one of the hardest things about doing his show tonight is,
aside from the fact I believe he tapes at the Ed Sullivan Theater,
which is where I used to do stand up when I did Letterman,
which is where the Beatles, you know, did their thing,
which is where Jackie Mason allegedly flipped off somebody,
you know when he's still maintains, he didn't back on the Ed Sullivan show.
Okay. It was Ken who, if you want to go far enough back,
I'm sure there was some date of Americans just chilling out.
They're eating a fucking rabbit. They can look at this paradise.
It's like the entire Strip of Manhattan.
It all looks like central park and the other Indian native American goes,
what the fuck is central park at any points to a shipper,
white people coming over the horizon. These fucking people tell you about it.
The first fucking Quakers would they Quaker.
What's the difference between Quakers and those people with the buckles on their
hat? That first stopped off at Plymouth Rock, if that ever happened on the Nina,
the Pinta and the Santa Marina. Santa Maria, Nina,
the Pinta the center. But they sound like they're from Spain. Right?
Why were they a bunch of white people from England?
Oh, Brian in Spanish boats. This is like f one. Let me get this straight.
This is the, this is the team from India, yet they have a Mercedes engine.
Um, all right, I'm all over the map. I'm all over the map.
I need to get focused. All right. I am pretty focused. I'll tell you why.
He will tell you why old Billy. No Fun. Oh, you know, it was Billy, you know,
half a fun. You know,
cause I was still celebrating my birthday so I had a couple of glasses of wine,
you know, sitting there like I was sophisticated. Like I read, you know,
like I was a socialite.
Like I was the kind of person that you just invite to a party because I'm an
interesting person to have there. You know, you ever seen that? Like in France,
they still have socialites. They some, I don't know how they make a living,
but they're just these people who don't really have jobs and if you have a
party, it's not a party unless you invite this person in.
Everybody's dying to get into the circle that they stand in to discuss anything
from art to world politics to fashion.
Not saying that fashion isn't an art form. Okay.
For all the fucking dressmakers who listen to this.
I have a lot of dressmakers by the way, that listen to this podcast, you know,
a lot of them always have to stop and hit rewind because some of their sequences
hit the floor and they couldn't quite make out what I was saying. Um,
what am I saying?
My voice is in the same register as sequence hitting the floor, I think.
I think I am.
I think that's the most roundabout way anybody has ever called themselves.
You know a bit of a Nancy boy. Oh, you mean the guy with these,
these sequin tone voice. All right.
What am I saying here on cake? I got, I have a, I have a major,
major announcement on so many different levels here. All right.
I hope you're sitting down. I'm pregnant. Okay.
I was taking these hormones to try and lose weight and I grew a womb.
Somehow I got abs, but you know, there's always, you know,
you can't have your cake and eat it and somehow I got pregnant, you know,
you wouldn't think, you know, I somehow while jerking off, sorry. Anyways, uh,
what I want to say here is, um, versus uh,
Paul Versey. I'm doing this bed. All right.
The all things comedy network is going to be producing their first hour long
standup special. And the person who we picked to do it is, uh,
my good friend friend of the podcast. Um,
one of the four horsemen on the road that I take out there,
Paul Versey is going to be doing a special tickets are on sale now.
All right. And, um,
this actually the idea of this was brought to us by his good friend Saturday
night live zone, Pete Davidson, Pete Davidson, Al,
all things comedies, Al Madrigal and myself are all gonna be involved,
um, with producing this standup special. And, uh,
me and Pete will be going on. Um, the night of, uh,
Paul's shows, he's going to be doing two shows on August 13th,
one at 7:00 PM one at 9:30 PM at the Tarrytown music hall in Tarrytown,
New York. Um, one of my favorite theaters out there. And, um,
Paul's obviously going to be closing, doing his special. And in the beginning,
uh, me and Pete are gonna mess around and whatever. Do some stuff,
make you laugh,
warm up the crowd for Paul and Paul's going to absolutely kill it.
This is the biggest thing that I've done in my career.
I've never produced anything like this. We'll put in a lot of money out there.
Uh, Paul is a based, um,
it would mean the world to me and DePaul and it was family. Maggie East,
all Becky's here. A few guys came down. Um, tickets are only 20 bucks.
Um, I'll be hanging out, meeting people after the show. Whenever you want to do,
I'll fucking whatever you want me to do,
just whatever I have to do to fill this thing up.
So Paul Versey can do his special here. So, uh,
we're going to have the ticket link and everything like that.
The tickets are live, whatever the, the, you can buy them right now.
You can pull over in your car,
you can continue to drive and run that risk and try to buy tickets while you're
driving. Um, August 13th,
it's a Sunday night in August on the 13th, uh,
7:00 PM 9:30 PM the Tarrytown music hall.
Um, it's gonna be a huge night. Really looking forward to itself. Oh,
and also, you know what else I forgot to bring up? Holy Shit.
The F is for family. I tweeted about it. We finally, we got some march,
we got t-shirts, we got some for the ladies,
for the men, you know, some for the boys and girls.
We got everything down there. You know, we've got some Kevin shirts,
frank shirts, efforts for family shirts. Vic shirts, you know,
and just when you think you have all the bases covered, people go,
what about this character? Why don't you have his shit?
And I think because they're going mainstream at first and then eventually
everybody will have some stuff. All right. Anyways,
so let's get down to what the fuck went on this week. The big story yet that,
that taboo to, to do condom [inaudible]
and a money Mayweather. I don't even know his first name.
The Floyd, Floyd money moneymaking. Get money.
Mayweather are going to have a boxing match in August.
Pay per view. What do you guys think about this?
Are you going to take your hard earned paper that is backed by no gold or you're
going to write a piece, a number on a piece of paper,
stick it in another piece of paper and mail it to the paper.
View people to watch this fight. Do you think, hey, this is fucking amazing.
Or B,
this has got to be one of the dumbest fucking things I've ever heard in my life.
Um, you know, make, I'm a fucking curmudgeon. Um, but I'm also wrong a lot.
God knows that God knows I'm wrong. I mean,
I didn't know something the other day what somebody correct me on.
I didn't know about Kryptonite people, you know,
and that's what I love about my fan base on this podcast. They're smart enough,
you know,
when I make a major full pause such as that of not describing Superman's planet
blowing up and what Kryptonite really is, you know,
I will always regret that and I'll never be able to apologize long enough.
A lot of people had to apologize over the last couple of weeks in my industry
and I'm, and they've put their controversies behind them,
but I don't think I'll ever outlive not knowing, um,
what Kryptonite was and I, I accept full responsibility.
Um, anyways, I this just like the dumbest fucking thing ever. Okay.
Connor McGregor fights for a living. Mayweather fights for a living, but that's,
that's it. So they're just gonna box. All right.
They're going to be wearing the fucking 16 ounce gloves,
whatever the fuck a box awares at this is,
this is the stupidest fucking thing ever. This is,
this is like watching Duran go to the warriors.
You know the one reason it's over, it's fucking over.
[inaudible]
it's fits. It's over.
Watching the Golden State Warriors Win the NBA championship this year was
basically watching like a bad summertime movie. It was big.
It was loud. And you knew how it was going to end and it was, yeah,
it was fucking boring. Right. By the way, congratulations.
I should at least do that. Okay. I mean this fucking, the warriors are amazing.
It's actually bad that Duran joined them as far as like their legacy because you
really had a team that, you know,
has the already had the potential to be like a dynasty.
They came within a couple of seconds.
So winning back to back without Duran going there.
So congratulations to the warriors. Congratulations to their fans.
My condolences to any fan of basketball that enjoys competition and enjoys seven
game series.
Congratulations to people who want to save the environment and want four people
in a fucking car. The pylon team, that's the basketball team for you.
Cause I just look at it as a metaphor.
There wasn't a lack of competition that was a thumbs up for the diamond lane.
Let's get all the stars in the same vehicle. All right. Macgregor verse May,
whether this would basically be like if you took Jerry Rice in the prime of his
career, Tom Brady in the prime of his career, and you're like,
let's figure out who's a better football player.
But the only way you are going to measure that it was how far they could throw a
football. You weren't going to do the 40 yard dash.
You won't get to see if they could catch, you know what I mean? I Dunno.
It's just Mayweather boxes.
They're going to have a boxing match.
Now you know how fucking over this fight would be if McGregor was allowed to
use,
you know everything else that he does taking it to the ground that kicks the
fucking choke. Choking them out. I'll, I mean, I don't,
I don't know shit about the fight game and I know this is fucking stupid.
This is dumb. Well,
what are you gonna have next to a fucking elephant for us to fucking cheat?
And they're gonna have a foot race.
One of the strongest animals ever. One of the fattest animals ever.
Let's have a competition between the two of them based on nothing but speed
dump truck verse Lamborghini. Both forms of transportation.
Yeah. I'll tell you what's going to be,
the only thing that's going to be interesting is if Mayweather can actually
knock him out. He's a 40 year old guy. I know his hands. Uh, you know, he,
I believe he has constant pain in them. Um,
I'm a huge fan of both of them. And uh,
this is nothing more than a fucking money grab.
This is a smash and fucking grab. This is like, what fucking,
it's like with Bobby Ray. This is like, I put this in the same,
it's a better version of when Bobby Riggs played Billy Jean King or fucking
Muhammad Ali fought ly. Ll Zeto,
how Kogan fought fucking rocky Balboa or whatever the fuck. I mean, this is,
it's, it's in that vein. You know,
I think it's really ironic that the circus just went out of business and now
they're having this pay per view.
I bet the same people who cashed out on the circus, speaking of elephants,
they got their money behind this one. This is not. Um,
and what's going to be funny is all the mouth breathers,
who want to say boxing's a better forum if you know,
when may weather beats fucking McGregor by out pointing him or whatever the fuck
he's going to do. Um, everyone's gonna be seek bug bunks.
She's better than MMA. It's gonna be like, dude, he's not doing it.
This is like fucking having a breakdancer kick guy battle.
A guy who does nothing but the waltz and we're going to have a waltzing contest.
Not to say that the break dance couldn't figure it out.
He doesn't have enough time. So here's the deal.
I am,
I'm going to say this right now and I probably won't because I'll probably get
sucked into the,
I'm going to do my best to not get into the s to get sucked into the hype of
this fucking fight. All right. I am going to,
uh, I'm going to wait. I'm just gonna I'm setting it up. Okay.
And I'm hoping I'm wrong and I hope people say, Bill,
that was the greatest fucking fight I've ever seen in my life.
It went to distance to somehow against all odds,
but Gregor beat Mayweather and then I'll be like, you know what?
Then I'm going to, I'll sit down and I'll fucking watch out. Dude.
I don't give a shit. It's like after you see a movie, when the Oscar, you know,
you kind of know what the movie's about, but you still haven't seen it.
You can go back and watch it. Right.
This is the one thing I am really excited about is that McGregor and Mayweather
are going to make a bunch of fucking money. Good for them, good for them.
You know, cause those guys usually end up with their brains all fucked up.
You know, they might as well have some money, right. So good for them.
So I'm glad a bunch of people are going to watch that and think that this is
going to be, you know, let's see what's better.
M M A or fucking boxing.
They already decided that way back before Dana white even got into this shit
back when it was, just remember the early days when they didn't,
don't even know what the name of it was. I remember Patrice telling me, dude,
you gotta watch this shit way back in the day when, uh,
you know that fucking boxer came in wearing one boxing glove.
He fought the other guy and one boxing glove on and the other guy had more of a
wrestling background.
He just put the guy on his back and now he's sitting there with one hand and the
other hands got a mitten on it that's tied to his wrist and he can't get it off.
It was a shit show. So, um, I dunno,
I dunno. You never know what the fucking happened.
You never know what can happen. But, um, I will say this,
I can't put whoever the fuck put that together. Jesus Christ.
I can't imagine the amount of hoops you had to jump through.
Now that I'm getting into producing here and I'm producing a special
for Paul [inaudible]. I didn't look at me.
I already feel a little more arrogant.
I me get myself some big fancy Hollywood reading glasses. Those giant wants.
Hey, by the way, what is going on with the world? This fucking guy.
I went to a softball game and shot it up. Now I know it's not John Goodman.
You know what kind of looks like him? Is it his brother Ron?
Is that Ron Goodman? Trump haters. Chutes GOP.
Big GOP. Big Comma. Three others.
Both parties stunned by ball field. Horrible. Yeah, obviously.
Did you need to say that? Oh, as opposed to one of them. Not a dog.
You know when it happened she played softball. Shit like this happens.
Left wing Zealot, whatever that means. Shoots, Republicans
Rep for others. Look at this.
This is what fucking hilarious cause the daily news is, is left leaning,
says Trump hater. They did get that out. This is bold.
They make sure to say both parties as and that's why they did it cause they left
these. And then over here,
the post who's right-wing as like left wing zealots,
shoots Republican Rep for uh, for others.
Um,
why do you guys think that shit, it keeps happening. I think it's the internet,
you know, and I'm telling you right now, if the shit like this keeps happening,
if we don't all grow the fuck up,
they're going to take the internet away from us and it probably be a smart
thing. We should go back to just sort of living small lives,
entertaining ourselves, sitting on stoops during hot days, you know,
start making music like your laptop won't work anymore.
That'll be like the modern day washboard I think need to just kind of go back to
that. You know what I use app and people need to go back to playing cards,
playing hearts, Fan Tan, all those old bridge.
I think that that's what needs to happen.
People need to just kind of walk away from social media and all of this shit
because I think people, I don't know what the deal is. They get,
they get in to fucking what kind of a fucking lunatic.
I mean, what, what was he trying to, I don't even, I don't even like,
I usually avoid those things, but I, you know, I have,
I'm doing a talk show today,
so I got to fucking know what's going on in the world. It'd be like,
what's the deal with this or what's the deal with that?
So I figured it'd be the usual. Some politician got cut,
shown his dick of banging a stripper, but now it's just a, it's just a bunch of,
he came and fucking play softball anymore. See,
this is why I don't read the paper just makes you upset. You know what?
Fuck this. I'm going for the bread and circus. I'm going to fucking,
I'm going to get in Greg first Mayweather, you know,
then who do I root for? I think I've got a roof for May, whether it be,
even though I always go for the underdog, which McGregor has to be considering,
you know, he has this Swiss army knife of Shitty knows how to do it. It's like,
no, the only nights you can take out is a,
the one may weather's gonna use and he's been sharpening his for the last
fucking 30, 40 years. He's been boxing his whole life.
Um,
I will say this though, if McGregor beats may, whether, I mean,
is that the end of boxing?
Did I really just say that is well, I'd go, should I be on ESPN right now?
Will this be the end of boxing? Um,
it was already bad when Mayweather and fucking, uh, the Filipino dude,
but the fuck sustained there, you know,
when they should've fought like 30 years earlier,
they finally got around to fighting and then the, the, the,
the Filipino guy who was also like a congressman at that point and like a
karaoke singer, I believe.
Um,
he had the got hurt hand when they finally found him.
He just took everybody's fucking money.
How many comedy White Bentley's are you going to buy this guys? You know,
it's some point people.
Um,
anyways, so I'm here in New York and I'm, I'm,
I'm sober William now and I'm, I'm enjoying it.
I really am. I'm getting eight hours fucking sleep, you know, I wake up,
I feel good, the sun's a little brighter. Um,
you know, and it feels good to have it, to have it on me is before, you know,
I used to be like Ad Burj. Um,
so my new thing now is I just meet people and I go to dinner,
I go to fucking lunch with them, you know. So I just met with my,
one of my buddies, uh, that runs the stand over there,
stand comedy club. And uh,
we went over to a diner and I'm sitting there and uh,
the thing about La is as a bunch of characters in la,
but we're in cars so you don't get to interact with people in New York.
You just walk down the streets, you just get to overhear all this shit.
So I'm sitting there waiting for my buddy to show up and there's this lady,
this lady, all the lady sitting in this booth and she, she, you know,
you know a little kids wave cause it just learning how to use their arm after a
while you get so old you forget how to use it again.
So she's still like a little kid way of like,
it's just like she sort of shaking that limb and her hands just sort of flopping
around as if she has no control over Arista anymore. That old lady wave, right?
So the waiter comes over and says, what's the problem? She's like, yes,
there's something wrong with my coke. And I'm thinking,
okay they brought Pepsi instead of whatever Coca-Cola. She goes,
there's something wrong with my coke. She goes, it's, it's not an a,
can't so you know the way to lie. He goes, all right man, we'll go take care of.
Well we'll fix that for you. Right. And she continues ongoing.
I don't know if I forgot to say it, I probably did,
but it's supposed to be in a can.
So he goes to take her full glass of coke away. And as he takes it away,
she goes, I didn't drink out of it.
Like he was just going to pass it onto the next person that orders a coke,
which was hilarious. So then I'm sitting there with a buddy of mine,
my buddy shows up and as we're talking we were discussing a getting older and he
had some fucking ailment he's been dealing with and that woman shines in,
says she has to say whatever the fuck it was.
Fucking an older person think she shines in that she has the same thing and it
isn't this type, it's that type. And it just,
it felt like I was on a Seinfeld episode. Um,
and then I was just sitting there laughing cause she just kept talking to my
buddy and had to turn around and talk to and I was muttering to him going like,
I want to see how good your wrap it up skills are.
How are you going to get out of this one? And he turned back laughing going,
I don't what do we have to change the subject? Cause she kept shining minute.
You have to talk quieter. Is She, can she hear us right now? Um,
viral. I thought it was an la guy.
I've just been coming back to New York too much lately and I'm starting to feel
like I want to live back here again,
which is scare me because I have so many friends and a whole life out in la.
But I mean I'm doing emphasis of family so I can't come back.
But I never thought I, I thought I was a lifer out in la,
but I'm coming back here and I'm kinda liking it. So, um,
this is the exact same feeling I used to have when I would go out to la from New
York after I swore I would never live out in la again.
But then I'm also thinking like, Bill,
is this just how you're wired?
Where after a while you just get tired of a fucking place and then you want to,
I don't know. And Man,
oh by the way, a rested piece, Greg Allman,
Jesus Christ, end of an era. The amount of fucking people, by the way,
it's just scare me cause it's just, it's, it's,
it used to be like people that when I was a little kid,
I would watch their shit and they were already old. You know,
when the Bob Hope's the bing Crosby's, the d Martins, the Sammy Davis Juniors,
the Frank Sinatra's, all of them, you know,
all of them we've started passing away, but they were all telly Savalas,
you know, Lee Marvin, Charles Bronson, all of those guys.
Paul Newman, Steve McQueen, all of them. Yule Brenner, Jesus Christ. Bill.
We get it. They were all fucking way before my time.
A lot of them are first generation or they came over, you know,
[inaudible] Bronson came over from Poland.
He worked in like coal mines and Shit. And uh,
but now it's catching up to where the fuck I am.
You know, Batman died. Davy Jones died from one of the monkeys,
right. He died.
Alright.
Greg [inaudible] died. George Michael,
it's, it's, it's creeping up,
right.
It's starting to creep up to like now these are like people who were born, uh,
born in the forties, 50s. A couple people around 1960 I was born in 68 and say,
hey, hey, hey, hey fucking pump the brakes here
and this is classic me. Right?
I can still somehow make somebody else's death about myself.
Isn't that nice? All right. So listen to this shit.
I went into fucking guitar center for like the first time in years.
I never go in there, but my wife was around the corner, you know,
taking my lovely daughter to some doctor's appointment. You know,
whenever she goes over there, she, my daughter cries and stuff. I don't like it.
I don't like it. I know she comes out better. I know the doctors amazing.
I don't like going over there, you know, you know, I just don't, you know,
you thought to get shots and shit or whatever. By the way,
we did the total immune thing and my daughter's fine by the way.
We did all of that shit. Thank God.
Cause everyone fucking was scaring the shit out here. Like don't,
don't fucking get them vaccinated for the mumps. That's gonna cause this,
it's going to cause that.
And when I finally did was I realized everybody telling me that none of them
were wearing lab coats and none of them had medical degrees framed pictures
behind me. And I said,
I'm going to roll the dice with the person that went to school for this shit.
And we did. And she's fine. She's totally alert,
smiles and all that type of shit. There was nothing bad happened,
thank fucking Christ, but I don't like to be there when that shit goes down.
So I just said, listen, I'm going to fucking, I'll be around the corner,
I'm going to go buy some drumsticks, blah blah blah blah. So I walk into guitars
and I'm there writers, it's 10 minutes before it opens,
it finally opens and I go upstairs to their drum department. You know,
cause they always,
always banished drums to the back of the music that they always like,
go fuck yourself. Right. Guitar was the hot chick, you know,
or it sorta used to be. Now I'm finding the electronics, all these dead,
a whole generation of like DJ music and all that shit is like it.
That's becoming, coming up more to the,
the front of the store or becoming a larger surface area of the store,
which is another thing, making me feel old. Other than all these people that,
you know, where I remembered, like they were young.
That's what I'm just trying to say. They would like young, when I was young,
they were like in their twenties and shit and now they've lived a full life and
a dead and like, how the fuck does that happen? It's like, well, Bill,
you're 49 in 20 years you'd be 69, you'd be pushing 70.
It's how fast it fucking goes. So, um,
I didn't want to fuck my point was Jesus Christ, am I going to die in this week?
Um, what's he saying? Oh yeah.
So I go over to the fucking guitar center and uh, I walk in,
so I go upstairs to buy some drum sticks and I'm there so fucking early there's
like nobody there.
So I walk up and I grabbed my drum sticks and I, I always get, you know,
get it five [inaudible] right. And I fucking Mama tried to electronic drum kits.
You know what I mean?
They got that sick ass Roland one that has like literally like a regular
acoustic look and bass drum. I was fucking around on that thing.
That thing's amazing. Hey, oh my God.
If you want to ever feel like you're ready to play a fucking arena,
sit down on one of those fucking Roland kits. And this is not free advertising.
I'm just calling a spade a spade. They're fucking unbelievable. So, um,
anyways, I'm looking around and I sit behind this one kid and I hit,
go to hit the bass drum and they got this head on it that looks like a regular
head and it barely makes any noise. I'm like, what the fuck is this?
What does this technology, I didn't know this existed. And um,
then I was looking at, they had the little quests,
love breakbeat kit and then they had another one,
like an upgraded version of that, which was the, a the sonar kit.
And I was like, Oh fuck, look at these little ass digs.
And then they got these heads that make no fucking noise.
Right?
What the fuck? So I, I just, I don't know. I just started looking and I'm like,
Father's Day. Father's day is coming up this weekend.
How about happy father's day to me, cause I got one of those, my garage,
I got this DW, like those practice pad kits and those things fucking suck.
You can't get through a song without something fallen off. They just suck.
I fucking hate the thing. All right. I want to get rid of it.
So I'm sitting there going, all right,
I ordered a drum kit and I have a studio space ready to go but didn't realize I
thought I could just go down and get the drum kit, but the color I wanted,
I had to order it and it's not going to be here for fucking two months.
So now what do I do? What do I do in the meantime?
Then suddenly I get this idea go,
I know I'm going to buy one of these little fucking Martini kits here.
All right,
I'll keep the regular heads on and I'll just play in the studio space on the
small kit. And then when my real kid comes,
I'll just get rid of the DW one in my garage and put the silent heads on it and
I can just practice on that one.
I don't have time to drive over to the fucking little studio space.
This is perfect. So then I was like, what do I do? What do I get?
The Ludwig by American Questlove or the sonar kit, Phil Rudd,
AC DC, Steve Smith, right? Benny Gremp,
all these monsters play on these fucking things. And um,
I actually ended up going with the sonar kit. Uh, based on,
was a little bit deeper. The floor time wasn't a 13. It was a 14. And uh,
it was a badass little bebop kind of kit. And I've,
I've gone off the fucking rails listening to jazz dramas.
I never understood it. And now with my great drum teacher and everything,
I'm starting to understand it to the point if I sent you the text messaging that
I had the drum nerd text messaging than I had with um,
my, uh, my drum teacher. Oh, before I say that, by the way,
what is so amazing about getting rid of that John Bonam set up that I had is now
the whole world of what the fuck do I want to play has opened up.
And I don't have any drum kit already taken up space. That was, you know,
somebody else loved and I loved them.
So now I'm going to try to step into their shoes and it never fucking works.
That is completely gone.
And now I'm just looking at all these different drum set ups going add fucking
like a little bit of that with the little bit of this. It's unreal.
So I buy the thing and you know,
I'm supposed to walk back over to the doctor's office with a pair of drumsticks
and uh, you know, get back in the car with my lovely wife,
my beautiful daughter. But, um,
now I bought a little drum kit, so I got this giant box.
So I just ended up going, all right, fuck this.
I gotta take a picture of the box. I just stood in the back garage. Uh,
they got a parking lot behind the place and I was just like, yeah,
I kind of bought something
and I just took a picture of the box with the sonar and I just wrote happy
father's day to me. The as cool as shit she just wrote.
Oh Jesus, she's so fucking cool. She doesn't give a shit. Right. Um,
so she pulled up and then I opened up on my grave. We got the fucking little
hatchback fucking thing here and I opened it up in the goddamn strollers.
And then so I had to move shit around and do all this fucking stuff.
And I got to tell you, I cannot fucking wait.
I'm moving into my a little studio thing tomorrow and I cannot fuck await.
And as I mentioned, I've gone off the rails, listen to these jazz drummers,
and I am now convinced that Tony Williams is the greatest drummer of all time
and it's not even fucking close. I don't want to start a debate. I know.
I just did the fucking guys. Unbelievable.
And I never understood what he was doing other than that he was playing 90
million miles an hour on his ride. Simple. So I was listening to this album,
a miles Davis miles smiles and there's this song on there called footprints and
it's one of those things that when I was younger,
meaning like 46 or 47 before he started taking lessons,
um,
it would have just sounded like five guys playing five different songs and that,
that Tony Williams was doing this Keith moons shit underneath it where he was
just soloing or whatever. And I was,
when I first was listening to it, I, I, the only thing I could Kinda,
that was consistent was the baseline. It was his baseline going,
get that gun gun gun, God Duh, Duh, Duh.
And I was just counting that and I'm going, okay, it's since six.
It's in six and it's an, I don't know what Tony's doing and it's,
she's playing 90 mils a million miles an hour.
But what's amazing about the song is in the middle of it,
Tony slows down and it's almost like he's like, okay, stupid.
It's in four. All right, and here's where it is.
Here's where beat two is and here's where beat fours. And then after,
then he only does that for a couple of bars and he speeds up again.
It's like a drum class and it's like, oh my God,
this guy's playing eighth notes. Okay,
against what this guy's playing.
That sounds like it's at six but it's really just almost like three against
four. I know this is nerdy drum shit,
but there's got gotta be a drum out there that understands it.
And then he's doing that metric modulation thing,
which it wasn't even a fucking name for what he was doing to describe it,
where then as he's playing eighth notes that the eighth notes than it,
he implies it that,
that each one of those high hat hits is the two and four and plays the jazz,
that thing. They lean dangling against that.
And then the [inaudible] and the top become the, the,
the fucking one and the three and he's playing that underneath all of this shit.
So the rest of the band,
I guess is sort of playing in an unplugged six while he's playing four
underneath it, doing this metric modulation to the four.
But fucking blows my mind is that he's playing at that fucking level in it.
Roughly the same year.
I was joking with my teachers that that song by the Archie's sugar came out and
was like a number one hit.
He's doing that and you know,
they sell like one 90th of the fucking albums
that a song, ah, sugar boom
[inaudible]
a honey honey
door to door to two. You
know, I heard a story about that song that there's a keyboard solo,
which I mean, I don't know shit about music.
I always consider a hacky when you take the soul,
when you take it solo and all you do is just play the, the melody of the song.
So that was basically what the studio musician on keys was instructed to do.
So He's reading the sheet music and he was playing the solo to that song.
And evidently he started laughing when he was playing it because it sounded
like, like some five-year-old Shit. But of course that sells a zillion albums.
Which brings me back to the Golden State Warriors. Jay's is,
I'm going along way where people go, yeah, this is bad for basketball.
Why is it getting such high ratings? I'll tell you why.
Because the Archie's outsell miles Davis stay. You go, go fuck yourself.
I'm done talking about the NBA. So anyways, I got a little sonar kit.
I'm so fucking excited to play it. I can't wait. I'm not going to have any time.
I won't have any fucking time to do it. But every once in Awhile, oh,
daddy daycare, you know, my little princess,
that's why I call him my little princess. You know, she got the, you know,
babies have those little cute little fat hands. Every morning I wake up,
I put my little index finger in in her hand, you know,
they always squeeze it and then it bring us, Oh,
good morning princess and I kiss a little full fat baby hand.
Okay.
You know,
and you wouldn't think that within 20 minutes of that I could get in my car and
have road rage. But I do. You would think at some point I could be like,
you know what, you know, it doesn't get any better than that, but you know, I,
you know, I, I ended up having these fucking problems. Can it ever just, sorry,
just did that with the recording here. I'm on the road. I'm on the road here.
Had to set it down here so I can type in my fucking password. Yeah.
Um,
but yes, I am on a Tony Williams.
Like I've, I've disappeared down the rat hole,
just it's over. I am completely out there all of these years.
Always loving them but not getting, you know,
I saw him live and I had no idea what the fuck he was doing.
I just knew he was one of the greats and I went to go see him and he had,
you know, he had the yellow grudge kit. I mean this was,
we died 97 I probably saw him in like 92 93 91 somewhere in Boston.
And uh, I mean I was in a room,
they couldn't have been more than like a hundred people there. 8,000 people,
little jazz place. Yeah. And I,
I told you this before and during the break I could, I walked up and I, I,
she was looking at his whole setup, you know, we had the black dot heads,
the big like, you know, 15 inch high hats and shit.
I saw everybody, I told you, I've told you guys just before I saw Louie Bellson,
he just stood there next to his kid. And you went up and shook his hand.
It was nuts. It's fucking nuts. Um, by the way,
I did an episode of g of Jay Leno's show his car show,
which I didn't know at Jay Leno's garage. I've always been a fan of the website,
but I did an episode of it. Um, I don't know when it's going to be coming out,
but I don't know if this is going to make the cut of, uh,
you know, the final episode of it. But, um, it was weird.
I was going to be doing his show and I was reading all this Tony Williams,
miles Davis Shit. And I learned about this jazz club, um,
in Peabody, Massachusetts. That's no longer there.
It was called Lenny's on the turnpike.
It was this little hole in the wall and all these guys used to play there.
And um, so then I be, I don't know,
I was reading about miles and it said he had a gig there and I was like,
PBD Massachusetts, Jesus Christ. I know where that is.
So then I started reading about the jazz club. That's what it was.
And then I found out that Jay Leno used to open for the, you know,
used to play there. So then, but holy shit, I'm, I'm working with him in a week.
I gotta ask him.
So I asked him about it and he talked about fucking opening for miles Davis
[inaudible]
at Lenny's on the turnpike. I said, Holy Shit,
what was it like to meet that guy goes, you know, it goes a,
he was kind of distant and I go, really? And he was kind, Kinda, you know,
I mean, the guy obviously had a reputation for being a little bit moody,
but he was also a said, this is what he said. He goes through it,
you've got to understand this was,
it was Boston in the early seventies as bad as Boston is now.
It was like a thousand times even more racist back then.
And he was a black guy driving around in a Ferrari and used to get pulled over
like every five feet. So he said, Jay was saying that, you know, when a,
basically by the time he met Jay, he kinda had his fill of white people.
That's a fact that,
so anyways, um,
let me read some advertising here this week. Uh,
and if anybody else knows any like, uh,
cool shit from that fucking era for me to listen to. Um,
I mean it just fascinates me how like jazz was like the main stream and that
blues and R and B and then you know,
white people turn it into rock and roll or whatever that that ended up taking
over and it's just like, yeah,
what was gonna because it's the direction of jazz just kept growing and growing,
growing to the point. That shit that I was just explaining to you guys,
it took me 30 years to understand what the fuck was going on.
Just as a regular person, you're going to lose the mainstream at that point,
but you got to give it up to those guys for having the balls to just say, yeah,
we'll fuck it. This is the direction we're going in.
Um,
they have to be like the level that they were playing.
They had to know that half the fucking audience had no idea what was going on.
Or you would just play it into a whole crowd full of musicians. Right. I know.
I'm in way over my head. Who the fuck am I? Who am I? And I just, I'm just,
the community does a fucking podcast here. Alright, let's a Jesus,
we've got a couple of reads here. Um, all right.
Frame Bridge. Everybody. Mother's Day is right around the corner.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
This is how low on the totem pole men are. There they are.
They're already advertising mother's Day. It's around the corner.
It's fucking 11 months away. I'm fucking with the, you know,
obviously what they did, they forgot to put father's day in there.
Who gives a shit? It should dead. Go get him. Get him a belt.
Give him something else to beat you with.
Yeah,
give us some strong Cologne. So you know, he's coming down the hall.
You get a chance to fucking jump out the window. All right.
Mother's Day is right around the corner in France.
Father's Day is right around the corner, goddammit.
And Mother's Day makes it so easy to give a thoughtful gift that will last for
years.
Order in minutes without ever leaving the house and they'll ship your custom
gifts straight to your mom's door, but the personalized gift don't.
This is fucking hilarious. Your Dad's door. Is this the right shit?
Does your dad want a picture? Go to frame bridge.com she,
I would if my daughter got a framed picture that two of us,
Oh God, that melt my heart. I would like that frame picture so much.
I would try to figure out how to stick it in my wallet with the frame.
Go to frame bridge.com choose your frame or let their designers help you choose.
Upload your photo from your computer or directly from Instagram.
Prefill you've preview your photo online in the frame you choose can upload your
photo or art. No worries. You can mail it for free.
Instead of the hundreds you pave at a framing store,
their prices start at $39 all shipping is fee. Plus my listeners,
my listeners will get 50 15% off their first order.
If frame bridge.com when they order using my code. Burn frame.
Bridge uses premium real wood moldings. Acid-Free Mat Board. Yeah.
You know all this shit. It's fucking great.
Don't get stuck searching for a last minute gift order for father's Day
delivery. Go to frame bridge.com and use the promo code bar.
You'll save an additional 15% off your first order.
Just go to [inaudible] Dot Com Promo koper framework frame,
bridge.com Promo Code Burn. Yeah. Just so you guys went to a game together.
That's a PR. That's a great dead gift. You know what I mean?
Unless your dad doesn't like sports and I don't know what you guys both look in
through a fucking with this. I didn't know what it's called.
Not a magnifying glass. What's the thing? A microscope.
Whatever you smart people do. Alright. Zipper
[inaudible]
screwed up. Are you hiring well? Are you,
do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
You have fucking dope. Uh,
talk about the challenges of finding great town. Jesus. You know, you,
you can shake a stick at a dope walking down the street,
but can you find a talented one? It's really difficult.
You've got to find that really great talented person to be successful at
business. Is that good? Um,
how's Zip recruiter is different? Oh my God,
they're they're way than button recruiter with ZipRecruiter.
You can post your job to 100 job sites,
100 plus job sites with just one click.
Then their powerful technology efficiency matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else. That's why zip,
it's different. Unlike other job sites,
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you. It finds them. In fact,
over 80% of jobs posted on Zip
[inaudible]
udo get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours.
No juggling emails or calls to your office office.
Simply screen rate and manage candidates all in one place with ZipRecruiter's,
easy to use dashboard called action. Find out today why zip
has been used by businesses of all, I'm running out of ways to say this,
people sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now my listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right for free. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/burr that's
ziprecruiter.com/berg one more time for free. Go to zip
[inaudible] dot com slash Barb. All right. That's it.
I don't even say recruit anymore. I just yell. All right. Legal Zoom. Last one.
Yeah.
In order to successfully run your own business,
attention to detail is so critical.
One contract slip up or legal misunderstanding can really set you back.
What do you mean we're broke? Fortunately, there is legal zone.
You may already know that over half a million. Over a million. Sorry.
Americans have used legal zoom to stat their own business by legal zoom services
go well beyond business formation. They'll help you hide a body.
They built a nationwide network of independent attorneys who can provide legal
answers to the day to day questions you have about your business. Uh,
because let's face it, things like trademarks,
employer employment laws and lease agreements can get pretty complicated.
That's such a nice way of saying, let's face it, you're fucking dope.
You don't wanna deal with this. You know what I am and I'm proud of it.
So don't waste your valuable time trying to wrap your head around all the fine
print. That's true. All successful people, you know what they do? They delegate,
they delegate the delegate. I'm not good at this shit. Hey you Myron,
put the glasses, you're good with numbers, aren't you? Because you are.
Here's a pencil. Figure this shit up. Um,
so don't waste your valuable time trying to wrap your head around all the fine
print. Use Legal Zoom for that so you can focus on growing your business.
Instead, you'll get the legal help you need without being billed by the hours.
Since legal zoom isn't a law firm.
Go to legalzoom.com today and be sure to enter code bar in the referral box for
special savings only@legalzoom.com. Alright.
Mercifully my reading out loud over, you know,
last week I might have somehow doing an hour on having such a good fucking time
here. All right, well I gotta read this thing and then I'm out of here.
All right. Last week. Our Monday, I should say, I read this,
we had the heading to an email question and we did not have the email and with
this apologizes profusely and I had to stop him from committing. Harry Carey.
Alright, lady needing advice. Don't want to go to male's friend's wedding.
Hey Bill,
I really enjoy the advice portion of your podcast and could use an objective
opinion.
I am a lady and have a male friend that I've been friends with since I was 10
years old. I am now 29.
You know what guys, I got to apologize something. I have this great bit.
I can't wait to try out tomorrow night and I literally was thinking about the
joke I wanted to do and how far I was going to take it while I read all of that.
So I have no idea what's going on in this email.
If just please forgive me as I reread this. Uh,
I am a lady and have a male friend that I had been friends with.
Well you just said you were friends.
I have a male friend that had been enemies with.
I have a male friend that I'd been friends with since I was 10 years old.
I'm 29 now cause he'd been friends with this guy for 19 years now. Geez.
Did he think of being, you predict in the seventh grade?
My friend is with this girl that I've never warmed up to.
She's a bit now wait a minute. Did you always think he was going to ask you?
Is that what it is? Maybe they're not built.
Why don't you just read the fucking thing? She's a bit condescending,
phony and I just don't like her. He's,
he's in his early thirties she's 25 ah, so she's got,
she on the old odometer there and they both currently live with his mom who also
happens to be a good friend of mine. They have crappy jobs,
don't pay his mom rent or contribute much,
but instead they're putting money back to have a wedding by the end of the year.
I love my friend,
but he's always been a bit immature when it comes to money responsibilities.
Why are you still hanging out with these people that you've,
these people sound like fucking losers. Walk away.
Be Thankful you didn't hit your wagon to this shit. I can tell you right now,
if you are with this guy and you were living in his mom's house,
you would not be friends with his mom anymore. You'd be like,
I got to get the fuck outta here. Anyways. They, they're not,
they're immature when it comes to money,
responsibility or what it takes to be an adult.
He still depends on his mom a lot. He's 32.
This is pathetic. I don't hear it. Dad, in this scenario here,
what did he not have a dad? He didn't learn how to be a mom.
A be a managed at say a mom. Uh, when my grandmother recently died,
I was devastated and he asked me for my, my address.
I thought I would get a sympathy card, but instead I got a save the date card.
Oh my God. That's sad and fucking hilarious.
It pisses me off that he's a bit of a selfish prick in his own world and also a
dumb ass for being in such a rush to get married when neither one of them has
their shit together. It's difficult for them,
me
to be supportive before you assume I'm secretly in love with him,
which I did. I'm sorry.
Our friendship has been nothing but platonic and I recently got married myself.
I'm sorry, but this whole thing read like when Harry met Sally,
except Perry never moved out. Um, I don't want to get,
I don't want to go to their wedding. My question is,
do you think I should put my show side and try to be supportive of my friends
since he's happy?
I feel as though our friendship has shifted a ton since he's been with this girl
and it's no longer easy talking to him. This is what she'd do.
You go to the wedding and then you just gradually back away.
You've outgrown these people. Okay. That's it. You're married.
You have your own fucking life. If he wants to live in a home with his mother,
with his new wife, and whatever the fuck it is is going to do.
You just go there and just to having nice smile on your face,
just being happy that you're not the on the other side of the I do. Okay.
I'm still not 100%,
um,
buying the fact that you don't have some sort of feelings for this kid who's now
still acting like a kid in his thirties. You're 29. He's 32.
We use three years older. You probably said this is perfect.
Then you envision him wearing a suit and coming home,
bringing like Hugh Beaumont at the beginning of leave it to beaver with a higher
end fucking GM product, Oldsmobile,
possibly a Buick. Who knows?
Um, I don't know,
but this is what I would do. You've got to let it go. It wasn't meant to be.
Okay. And even if you don't have romantic,
um,
feelings for this person, all right?
If you don't have feelings for this fucking person,
I can already tell you the fact that it's so driving you nuts that you had to
write into some dope like me doing a podcast. Um,
I dunno the way, the way this is all written.
I think you wear your feelings on your sleeve and they're gonna know it's up.
I would go there, you know, smile and wave. That's it.
And then I would not torture your husband on the way home or the whole night
critiquing them about how fucking stupid it is,
because they can tell you this right now.
Your husband doesn't want to fucking go. So it's, you should go.
You should do is you should go there and you should have a great fucking time
with your husband and you should thank him for not being a fucking loser that
lives at home with his mom. They have golf. All right.
And then go to frame bridge.
Take a picture your tetes and give it to them on Sunday. That's the podcast.
Everybody.
God bless all of you. God bless America. Uh,
that's it. Get off the Internet.
Go sit on the stupid go make some music with your friends.
Stop taking life so fucking seriously. Uh, stay away from credit cards.
Stay away from the meth. Uh,
doctor prescribes any painkillers that has any opiates in it. Do not take them.
Tough it out. Just watch. There will be blood. Did she sit down on the couch?
[inaudible] toughing it out.
Fucking guy dragged himself out of the fucking Wiley. Coyote.
Mine with a broken leg that go in town just to get a fucking gold nickel.
All right, you can do it. All right. That's the podcast. Have a great weekend.
Your constant. I'll talk to you on Monday.
Alright. Overrated a relationships. Do I really want to read this one with you?
Is here.
Can you come near the microphone and be a frigging professional when this
unprofessional show? No, you're just sitting.
Why are you wearing moccasins? They're my slippers.
Their moccasins? Yeah. MOCCASINS slip.
Woo. Hi.
Yo. Hey. Hey. Uh, you got a little Indian blood in your [inaudible]. Yes. Yes.
Do I have like one? Let me [inaudible] 16th. What do you got? Black feet. Yeah,
you get it? Nothing.
I get nothing on that. That was stupid. You know what? What?
Oh, go fuck yourself. Here we go. Relationships. So, uh,
sure that could be good. But are they ever great?
Every married guy I know reminisces about his days as a single man,
married guys, worn single guys not to get into relationships.
They warn guys with girlfriends to never under any circumstances get married.
This is all true. When you're single, you could do whatever the fuck you want.
Whatever you want without first, uh, wait a minute.
Let me get this closer without first filtering your decisions through the
desires of a chick who probably doesn't even know what she wants most of the
time and is motivated by the worldview of sex in the city. Wow.
This person sounds like a real prize. Yeah, but this is true though.
This is an all women. A lot of women have fucking idiots. Just like, guys,
what'd you say? Most guys are fucking idiots. I would actually,
and aren't most women, aren't most people fucking idiots. Listen,
we're all ray people, but when we talk,
all I know is that no one is unreasonable. Okay?
And I am as exotic as a grilled cheese sandwich.
I think that might be an instant classic. Um,
there wasn't even tomato in that sandwich was there. Um,
even when the chicks get, uh, what they think they want that you,
they're usually still miserable. That's how stupid most of them are.
All right now. Yeah. Now he's thanksgiving. This isn't my school.
He's in my quad. I like this guy. Uh, you're never gonna make them happy.
So why even try?
I'm not being constrained by relationship is one of the greatest things of all
time. It's a man's world. Uh, women need more.
Women need men more than men need women.
Most men can thrive alone. Most women can. These young,
you could tell he's young. He hasn't,
he hasn't like women are still looking at him. He's a fucking idiot. What he is.
Oh yes. And he's learning. I was this guy.
Then you realize at some point you're old and women don't care anymore,
so you got to grab one on. Just hang onto them, drag them down with you. Um,
most women can't ask any honest bisexual girl and she'll like you tell you that
she wants to end up with a man. Jesus,
this guy just keeps every time I think he's gone as far as he's going to go,
he keeps going. I love him. Uh, enjoy being single.
Unless you're a total fucking failure of a man,
you almost always be able to get a girlfriend if you really want one.
Realize yeah, if you're past a certain age too,
there's a certain amount of money you have to be making a bef for that to
continue to happen.
And this is a fucking sadness to that life that I can't even begin to describe a
, realize what a blessing your freedom is and never allow desperation to put you
in chains. He's making some good points here.
He definitely has some issues with women, but uh, he's, but he's,
there's a lot of truth in that. Nia, they're all and enjoy dying alone. Asshole.
Hey, hey. Hey. Well listen what this is.
Well basically what you just said was that you're a dumb girl. Why?
Because that's what he was attacking.
What do you mean is your world is your world? Oh,
we will almost out without an argument, but why am I dumb?
Because he's attacking women whose worldview comes from sex in the city. Okay,
so somehow you got offended by that. First of all,
he's not just attacking women whose worldview at sex? Nothing. He's, Oh,
I think he is. He's attacking all women. Look at Reed. Say, Oh, I know.
He was just being say some women. He was just being silly. Just being silly. Oh,
you're right. You're right. Fuck that shit. Fuck it. Look, you know, look,
you know his mother never hugged him. He's got issues. He's just not our fault.
What are we doing? Don't drag me into this. I relate to this guy as women.
I'm speaking as women. Well, why don't you just speak for yourself?
You fucking delusional. Jacquez who elected you? You did.
I'm sitting there and I want it. You know,
I didn't say to represent all women's. I'm not representing all women's,
but I think I can say with,
with underwear's clarity that most smart women who see this would be like,
oh fuck yourself. You'd Douche. All right, well I'll, I'll,
can I just make a comment about the whole married versus unmarried thing?
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Single people who are alone look at couples and I, I,
they get a little twinge of like, oh, that's nice.
I wish I had somebody to come home to at night that has my back. No matter what.
That's what you're missing. You shortsighted moron.
It's like you've got somebody hey there with you,
who's going to take care of you,
who's going to love you and protect you and have your back.
It's not just about like being with someone just to be with someone.
We got it.
Listen how you look onto can I want to, cause you're,
you're being mean. This podcast, this podcast email is ridiculous.
Guys crying out for help. Ugh, whatever. Fine.
Go on. This podcast is not about being mean and taking shots of people who can't
defend. That's exactly what it was.
Took you long enough to figure that out. Um, alright. No. But there's, there's,
there's a great truth in what he's saying here is a lot of people just jumping
relationship, jumping relationship,
jumping relationship and it's like relationships a fucking difficult.
Yes. Okay,
so you better pick the right person or you're going to be fucking miserable.
So you are better off to be single and lonely rather than just being in some
shit to just be in some shit. So you got somebody to fucking make brownies with.
That's what he was trying to say. Yes. All right, true. But he didn't say that.
He ended up saying that most cigs are going to be miserable anyway and they all
have the stupid worldview. That's true. Father,
most women are going to be miserable and then never going to be fucking happy.
Okay. You basing this on,
you know something you guys always say a good man is hard to find.
That works both fucking ways. I understand. Well then that's,
this is what bolt wealth. This motherfucker hasn't found the one yet.
So he's going and he's going,
he's dating a bunch of lashing out at everybody because he can't seem to figure
out how to make a relationship work.
And he can't find the value in the relationship.
So automatically it's not valuable. First of all,
the only person lashing out is you right now. Lost your temper.
It's a guy here. He writes in,
he's looking for a little bit of God damn guidance.
He wants somebody to advice approval. That's what he got it.
He's fucking hilarious. Um,
um, underrated. Overrated, underrated for this week. Uh, overrated.
Fucking voicemails. Leaving them is the most awkward thing.
I've always said that I'm terrible at leaving them. But whenever I say that,
everyone else, whenever I say that, everyone else always says it too.
So I'm putting my foot down on the issue and calling it right now,
leaving a message for someone on the phone sucks.
There's no way to start your message normally without sounding like a Douche.
And then five minutes later you realize you've been trailing on and on while
saying, uh, um, too many times making you want to kill yourself,
ending with the inevitable. Uh, okay, thanks.
By reminding them that you're still a Douche. Fucking awful.
Do this is something that's really like an epidemic in this young generations.
Is everybody just feeling awkward and feeling like a Douche?
I don't know what happened to you guys. I think this last generation of fathers,
they flipped. Like, I'm not going to beat the shit out of my kid,
not hug them and never tell him that I, that I, that I love, uh, you know,
I'm going to do all of that shit and you end up with these people who can't even
fucking leave voicemails.
What is so awkward? You know,
I, I, you know, I have a hard time getting off the phone. I forget.
I forget what I used to say, but I don't feel awkward,
but I just feel like an idiot, I guess. So I guess I kind of relate. I just go,
I that's it. I'm Outta here. Okay.
I will say that believe in a message. I like leaving messages.
I sing on people's voicemails. You know,
whenever I call up fucking Blob, hey Bobby Kelly,
or in fucking Joey roses, I call him up and I,
I'll just immediately, I'll just, whatever comes to my mind,
I'll just start singing. Who's the can't that I loved the most?
Who's that fucker? Who eats the toasted Joey?
He such a big fag to Rosa. What's going on?
It's bill. Give me a call back. You can't click. That's it.
Why don't you try singing? You can do it for anybody.
Hey Mom, what's up you sweetie? Thanks for having me.
40 years ago I sent you some flowers.
You didn't call me.
Do you like my siblings better than me?
Click right? Why don't you do that? Try that search.
Try singing first. Um, all right. Underrated. Overrated. Underrated.
Sitting Down to pee. If you're a guy. Uh,
okay. Is it that? How old are you? Is it that hard to stand up?
What is wrong with this fucking generation of guys? You Know,
Sitting Down To pee,
it's actually easier and you don't get varicose veins from all those years of
staring.
There's nothing better than just pulling out your Dick and just fucking pee and
all over everything. You know, he's fucking shooting the toilet paper around.
It's fucking good time. Um, anyways,
it's just the guy who drives a fucking hybrid. Um, anyways,
there are many benefits to being a guy in,
sitting down to piece such as not having to hear your chick complain about
peeing on the seat,
even though it's on the fucking top of the ball and it's not actually the seat.
Yeah. Here's a guy, he's, he,
he's literally sitting down to pee, so his girlfriend will stop yelling at him.
Okay. I don't know what happened.
People a hundred years ago,
we could hit them with mop handles and I don't know what happened.
They got organized and we didn't,
and now we're sitting down to pee just so they'll stop yelling at us.
Um, all right, number two, if you like me,
if you're like me and you wake up to pee at night,
you don't have to fuck with your eyes and turn on the bathroom lights to aim.
Oh Dude. You take it all the fun out of it.
So you train your ear. All right, that sounds like the back of the bowl.
Where's the water? That's the floor. There it is.
One small step. Um, number three,
not bending down to lift up the seat out. You know what dude?
You're a fucking pansy. Not Bending down to clean off the seat.
Less bending in general.
Why don't you just bend over and your own Dick is you sit on the bowl.
You fucking Douche. Fuck that guy peeing. Sitting down,
you know?
Okay.
What else sir? What? What, what else is overrated? Lifting weights. Um,
okay.
Owning a gun. Chewing tobacco. Eating steak. What else?
Drinking Scotch. Smoking cigars. Fixing your own car.
What else? Or what else is fucking overrated?
Everything that makes be an a guy fucking awesome.
Losing your shit because some guy you don't know Mr. Field Goal,
that really has no affect on your life. Talking Shit. Is that all overrated,
Lee Marvin?
Yeah.
The only thing that's saved you surge, you didn't leave your name.
So that that's the only thing that I can say is I can at least see that there
was sort of some, some sort of shame in your email.